###### Installation Instructions:

- Shell on the Shttr runs on top of a CGI-enabled web server. This site is running on Apache2 on Debian 12, and that's the recommended supported configuration.
- I recommend [Vultr](https://vultr.com){target=_blank} as a fantastic source for renting your VPS. They are very affordable and run Shttr apps fantastically, any of the lowest tier options running Debian 12 will run great.
- On the server, you'll need to install some software. On Debian, running `apt install apache2 python3-certbot-apache pandoc nodejs npm` should get you what you need. Beyond that, configuring your server is a bit beyond the scope of these instructions, but you'll at a minimum need to make sure you allow connections on ports 80 and 443, and use certbot to enable HTTPS after setting up your Apache config.
- With Apache installed, you'll need to make sure that you link the cgi.load module into the mods-enabled directory (eg. `ln -s /etc/apache2/mods-available/cgi.load /etc/apache2/mods-enabled/`), and you'll have to set up your config file. You can choose to modify the default config, or create a new one, either way, make sure that ServerName is correct, DocumentRoot is `/var/www/shttr`, and DirectoryIndex is `/cgi-bin/index.sh`.
- You'll need to install your local machine's ssh public key on the VPS. If you don't have one, run `ssh-keygen` on your local machine to create one. You don't need to set a password on it. After running that, or skipping that step if you already have a public key, run on your local machine `ssh-copy-id root@yoursite.com`, replacing yoursite.com with your domain name or server IP address. This step will allow you to log into the server without having to enter your password, which will streamline your app deploys.
- Now that the server's set up, we need to prepare the local development machine. Download ShttrCLI from [its Git repo](https://git.calebstein.net/calebstein1/shttr){target=_blank} and move the `shttr` executable into your PATH.
- ShttrCLI depends on rsync and npm being installed. Rsync probably is already installed, npm might not be. Once they're both installed, go ahead and run `shttr` to download the latest Shttr framework and show the help screen.
- Run `shttr n`. This will create a generic named Shttr app in your current directory populated with this demo site.
- Use `cd` to enter the newly created Shttr app directory, and open up `shttr-config` for editing. Remove the default user@example.com and put in your own ssh credentials for your server.
- At this point, you'll want to run `shttr db:init`. This will prepare the server for ShttrDB, which is needed for the demo site, and likely for your project as well. This only needs to be run once per server.
- Now run `shttr d -c`, and when it finishes running, you should be able to navigate to your server URL and see this demo site running. The only thing that won't work is the mailer module, but that's to be expected at this point.
- Assuming it all worked, you can go ahead and delete the demo app we just created, and use `shttr n` again to create your actual app project. You have several options: `shttr n [app name] --bootstrap` will generate a blank project that's preconfigured with Bootstrap CSS and JS; `shttr n [app name] --tailwind` will generate a blank project that's preconfigured for TailwindCSS; and `shttr n [app name] --empty` will generate a blank project without any CSS framework, it will only come with Turbo set up to use. Doing `shttr n [app name]` will regenerate the demo site with PicoCSS's SASS files as the framework, and the demo files can be deleted or modified if you'd like to use PicoCSS for your app.
