###### ShttrDB Module Instructions

- ShttrDB is the databaseless database backend of Shttr.
- As mentioned in the installation instructions, you'll need to run `shttr db:init` using ShttrCLI in order to set the proper permissions for the server to write to the DB.
- The create_table_entry method takes the syntax `create_table_entry in [table]`, which will automatically assign an id and create an entry under that table with the assigned id. If the table does not exist, it will be automatically created, and if you omit the `in [table]` part of the command, it will default to a table that shares a name with the calling script.
- The create_table_entry method returns the id of the entry created, which should be assigned to a variable so it can be used with the write_data method. For example `post_id=$(create_table_entry in posts)` will create a new entry in posts, and will assign its id to the variable, post_id.
- The write_data method writes data to a table entry with the syntax `write_data [id] [attribute] [value] to [table]`. You'll need to make a new write_data call for each attribute you want to write. Continuing on the example above, `write_data post_id "title" "my_post_title" to posts` will write the attribute "title" with the value of the variable, my_post_title, to the table entry with the id that we created in the last step in the posts table. You could then do `write_data post_id "content" "my_post_content" to posts` to add a content attribute to your post.
- The read_each method reads all the entries in a table and makes their attributes available to your model and controller. It takes the syntax `read_each from [table]`, so if we wanted to read all the posts from our posts table, we'd do `read_each from posts`.
- The read_each method creates a method for each table entry, and these methods each take their attributes as arguements and return the value of that attribute. For example, after doing `read_each from posts`, we could do `posts_2 title` to get the title of our post with id 2, and `posts_2 content` would return its content.
- The read_each method also makes a variable available with a list of each item's id, sorted from highest to lowest, which is named after the table, so for our posts table, it would be posts_id_list. This list can be iterated over in a for loop to create an index page displaying whatever attributes from the table you want.
- The read_id method is similar to the read_each method, but it takes a specific id and only creates the method for that id. With our posts example, we would do `read_id 1 from posts` and we'd end up with a posts_1 method with all its attributes available in our model and controller.
- the find_by method finds an entry's id by any of its attribute's values. It's syntax is `find_by [attribute] [value] from [table]`, so in our example, `find_by title "My First Post" from posts` would return the id of a post titled "My First Post." If multiple entries share the same attribue value, only the highest number id will be returned.
- The delete_id method takes the syntax `delete_id [id] from [table]`, and deletes the entry associated with the given id. To delete a post from our posts table, we'd do `delete_id post_id from posts`.
